# Chapter 11: Growing and Sustaining TDD

Sustaining TDD is not easy. Without sufficient tests, the old adage of “If it ain’t broke, don’t fix it” is reality. Anything done after the fact—after the code gets built—gets short shrift. Most systems are probably double the size they need to be, if not more. Part of that is a by-product of the inability to safely remove redundant chunks of code as programmers add them. TDD prevents you from integrating defects into the system in the first place. TDD decreases long-term costs.

TDD requires you to constrain the scope of each test so that it tests a small piece of isolated logic. Systems built in this manner are unlikely to experience the bad test death spiral. if ​The team writes mostly integration-style tests,​ Learn how to write unit tests. If takes longer time, Split into slow and fast suites. incrementally but regularly try to transform a slow test into a fast test. For each defect, insist that an appropriate failing unit test gets written before the problem is fixed. a team full of siloed developers, with little review and no shared knowledge, will create pain that will only continue to increase over time.

The more you practice elements, the better you will become at each. test-drive the solution to a brief programming challenge. 

Code coverage​—the percentage of lines of code exercised by your unit tests. high numbers may look good but might not tell the whole story. Never set coverage numbers as goals.

 In TDD, continuous integration​(CI) is a foundational tool. The tests (including any nonunit tests) represent your best indicator of the health of your overall system. When you commit, you want to know that your code adds to the value of the system and doesn’t break anything in the latest, integrated version of the codebase.